README.md, before:

# flow-dashboard ![](https://github.com/UoC-Radio/flow-dashboard/workflows/docker%20build/badge.svg)
#### A GTK+ based GUI generator of the radio station's on-air schedule.

This is a graphical XML generator and database front-end application. It acts as the GUI of [Audio Scheduler](https://github.com/UoC-Radio/audio-scheduler/). It aims to:
* Facilitate creation of the [music schedule](http://radio.uoc.gr/schedule/schedule.xml), which is given as input to Audio Scheduler.
* Provide zone management for the music library of the radio station.

## Screenshots
[![Initial state](/gallery/thumbnails/initial_state_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/initial_state.png?raw=true)
[![Menu options](/gallery/thumbnails/menu_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/menu.png?raw=true)  
[![Import progress bar](/gallery/thumbnails/import_progress_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/import_progress.png?raw=true)
[![After import](/gallery/thumbnails/imported_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/imported.png?raw=true)

## Build and Run natively
### Dependencies
To run flow-dashboard, you will need to have the following installed:
* Python 3
* GTK+3 [[Instructions]](https://pygobject.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html)
* lxml for python 3 [[Instructions]](https://lxml.de/installation.html)

### Run
After installing the dependencies above, just do:  
```
python3 ./src/main.py
```

## Build and Run with Docker
An alternative (and probably easier) way to build and run the app is by using Docker. Besides Docker, you don't need any other dependencies installed.

To build and run the app from source:
```
./build
./run
```

To run the app without building it:
```
./quick_run
```

Docker support for this app is tested on Linux distros with X11 server.

## Credits
[ggalan87](https://github.com/ggalan87) for his advice on GUI design  
[looselyrigorous](https://github.com/looselyrigorous) for his CSS styling ideas

Commit message:

Use GTK+ broadway backend with Docker to run the app on the browser
This commit makes the app able to run on the browser. Benefits include:
- Cross-platform compatibility.
- Graphics server agnostic (native implementation requires X11).
- Possibility to run on Web. This should be done with caution, since
  security is not implemented.

README.md, after:

# flow-dashboard ![](https://github.com/UoC-Radio/flow-dashboard/workflows/docker%20build/badge.svg)
#### A GTK+ based GUI generator of the radio station's on-air schedule.

This is a graphical XML generator and database front-end application. It acts as the GUI of [Audio Scheduler](https://github.com/UoC-Radio/audio-scheduler/). It aims to:
* Facilitate creation of the [music schedule](http://radio.uoc.gr/schedule/schedule.xml), which is given as input to Audio Scheduler.
* Provide zone management for the music library of the radio station.

## Screenshots
[![Initial state](/gallery/thumbnails/initial_state_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/initial_state.png?raw=true)
[![Menu options](/gallery/thumbnails/menu_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/menu.png?raw=true)  
[![Import progress bar](/gallery/thumbnails/import_progress_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/import_progress.png?raw=true)
[![After import](/gallery/thumbnails/imported_thumbnail.png?raw=true)](/gallery/imported.png?raw=true)

## Build and Run natively
### Dependencies
To run flow-dashboard, you will need to have the following installed:
* Python 3
* GTK+3 [[Instructions]](https://pygobject.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started.html)
* lxml for python 3 [[Instructions]](https://lxml.de/installation.html)

### Run
After installing the dependencies above, just do:  
```
python3 ./src/main.py
```

## Build and Run with Docker
An alternative (and probably easier) way to build and run the app is by using Docker. Besides Docker, you don't need any other dependencies installed.

To build and run the app from source:
```
./build
./run
```

To run the app without building it:
```
./quick_run
```

The app will run locally as a web application on a random port. The port will be printed on terminal when the app starts.

## Credits
[ggalan87](https://github.com/ggalan87) for his advice on GUI design  
[looselyrigorous](https://github.com/looselyrigorous) for his CSS styling ideas
